[Music]
to create your first template press the
graphic icon on the top left then you
will see the toolbar change and only one
template will show called new graphic
template double click on it and it will
show up on your timeline where the
playhead is located to start editing
double click on the template in the
timeline and this tab will show up then
press edit template when you come to
this screen press add and you can choose
to add all these different types of
Graphics let's try and add some text
here you can easily choose different
fonts colors size
Etc it's only the imagination that can
stop you from being creative